what is up everyone i made sure on the
gamer in this video i'll be going over a
new gold farm method that i discovered
myself and the question i need to do
this is the scouring of calcium you do
this on any difficulty but i'm going to
do this on the infernal difficulty and
it's going to yield the most golds 1
seed in that go ahead select the quest
and start the game once you're in the
game go ahead and head up towards leah
and accept this quest then head over
towards the chaldean bizarre i'd
recommend using any skills are going to
increase your movement speed or allow
you to move through space more rapidly
and it's going to increase the overall
effectiveness of this cold farm method
I'm also wearing full Goldfine gear and
I have a belief hundred and forty-six
percent gold pond as I do believe that
it doesn't really my goal you get from
using this method so I would recommend
using it and we're not really looking to
kill any things that's not really a big
deal since we're not wearing dps gear
ones like this quest and we're basically
looking to free all these refugees from
iron III parts as well as guide some of
these straggling refugees off to the
side to safety some of them will crawl
out from underneath those pots like that
and you can actually if you move fast
enough you can get the refugees to
teleports for you too far away from them
so you can use that to your advantage
as you can aid them in avoiding death
from either from being slain by the
meteors or being killed by the serpent
mobs and you really want to do your best
to guide as many of these refugees that
safety as you possibly can because
you're going to get the most gold from
doing that and let's see here so I have
eight hundred and thirty-six thousand
gold on their go pick all this up here
okay so i went up to eight hundred and
thirty-nine thousand again about 3k and
only took about a minute probably less
actually doesn't want to point out is
when you're done go ahead and go down
into the flooded causeway and there
should be a chest here every single time
you can get blues out of here I haven't
really seen a rare yet and you can go
back outside the chaldean bazaar where
you can leave the game instantaneously
because it still registers you as being
in town but that's going to do it for
this video everyone so I hope you all
had something to gain from watching this
amp you haven't already please subscribe
to my youtube channel you let's follow
me on twitter at HR on the gamer if you
like this video please click like button
hope to see everyone next time for more
diablo 3 until that time I am a char on
the gamer later everyone